BeamSpotESProducer pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
alpaka_cuda_async::BeamSpotToAlpaka pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
alpaka_tbb_async::BeamSpotToAlpaka pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
alpaka_serial_sync::BeamSpotToAlpaka pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
alpaka_cuda_async::CAHitNtupletAlpaka pluginPixelTriplets.so
alpaka_tbb_async::CAHitNtupletAlpaka pluginPixelTriplets.so
alpaka_serial_sync::CAHitNtupletAlpaka pluginPixelTriplets.so
alpaka_cuda_async::PixelTrackSoAFromAlpaka pluginPixelTriplets.so
alpaka_tbb_async::PixelTrackSoAFromAlpaka pluginPixelTriplets.so
alpaka_serial_sync::PixelTrackSoAFromAlpaka pluginPixelTriplets.so
alpaka_cuda_async::PixelVertexProducerAlpaka pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
alpaka_tbb_async::PixelVertexProducerAlpaka pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
alpaka_serial_sync::PixelVertexProducerAlpaka pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
alpaka_cuda_async::PixelVertexSoAFromAlpaka pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
alpaka_tbb_async::PixelVertexSoAFromAlpaka pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
alpaka_serial_sync::PixelVertexSoAFromAlpaka pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
alpaka_cuda_async::SiPixelRawToCluster pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_tbb_async::SiPixelRawToCluster pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_serial_sync::SiPixelRawToCluster pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
SiPixelFedIdsESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_cuda_async::SiPixelFedCablingMapESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_tbb_async::SiPixelFedCablingMapESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_serial_sync::SiPixelFedCablingMapESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_cuda_async::SiPixelGainCalibrationForHLTESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_tbb_async::SiPixelGainCalibrationForHLTESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_serial_sync::SiPixelGainCalibrationForHLTESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
alpaka_cuda_async::PixelCPEFastESProducer pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
alpaka_tbb_async::PixelCPEFastESProducer pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
alpaka_serial_sync::PixelCPEFastESProducer pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
alpaka_cuda_async::SiPixelRecHitAlpaka pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
alpaka_tbb_async::SiPixelRecHitAlpaka pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
alpaka_serial_sync::SiPixelRecHitAlpaka pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
alpaka_cuda_async::CountValidator pluginValidation.so
alpaka_tbb_async::CountValidator pluginValidation.so
alpaka_serial_sync::CountValidator pluginValidation.so
alpaka_cuda_async::HistoValidator pluginValidation.so
alpaka_tbb_async::HistoValidator pluginValidation.so
alpaka_serial_sync::HistoValidator pluginValidation.so
